README - generated.md, before:

# README Generator
  
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  

## Description
  

When utilized, this application will generate a professional, high-quality README.md file integrating responses from a user to populate the different sections of the file.  This will make adding required REDME files much easier to create.
  

## Table of Contents
  

- [Installation](#installation)
  
- [Usage](#usage)
  
- [License](#license)
  
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  
- [Tests](#tests)
  
- [Questions](#questions)
  

## Installation
  

There are no installation steps necessary to utilize this application.
  

## Usage
  

The application is used by running it through a terminal such as GitBash utlizing the following command line: node index.js.  The application will ask a series of questions to which the user will provide input.  When  complete, the application will create a file titled "README - generated.md".  This file can be renamed and edited as the user sees fit.  The file can also be copied and/or moved to another file location.
  

## License
  

This application is operating under the following license: **MIT License**.  
  

Further information regarding this license, to include the required notice, can be read by navigating to the following link: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
  

## Contributing
  

Anyone wishing to contribute to this project can do so by contacting me via the information located in the "Questions" section below.
  

## Tests
  

There are no testing examples.
  

## Questions
  

Any questions regarding this project can be answered by contacting me through my GitHub profile or by email:
  
GitHub Profile: https://github.com/orian42
  
email: orian42@gmail.com

Commit message:

added video link to README

README - generated.md, after:

# Weather Dashboard
  
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  

## Description
  

This is a simple weather application.  When the user searches a city name, the weather and 5-day midday forecast is displayed on the page.  Furthermore, a button is created for that city which the user can click to more conveniently see that city's weather.
  

## Table of Contents
  

- [Installation](#installation)
  
- [Usage](#usage)
  
- [License](#license)
  
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  
- [Tests](#tests)
  
- [Questions](#questions)
  

## Installation
  

No installation steps are necessary once the website is visited.
  

## Usage
  

Anyone with the link (https://orian42.github.io/weather/) can use this application.  The application can be used simply by entering a city in the search input box then clicking the search button.  The weather data will be displayed to the screen.  A history button labeled with the most recent search's city will be created and placed below the search button.  A user can simply click that new button to see that city's weather.  Note that if the user manually searches for a city that already has a button displayed, a new button for that city WIL NOT be created to avoid duplicate buttons.  Furthermore, a limit of eight (8) buttons has been set.  If eight buttons already exist and a new city is searched, the last button is deleted when the new button is added.  All history buttons and search history can be cleared by clicking the Clear History button.
  

## License
  

This application is operating under the following license: **MIT License**.  
  

Further information regarding this license, to include the required notice, can be read by navigating to the following link: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
  

## Contributing
  

Anyone wishing to contribute to this project can do so by contacting me via the information located in the "Questions" section below.
  

## Tests
  

There are no testing examples.
  

## Questions
  

Any questions regarding this project can be answered by contacting me through my GitHub profile or by email:
  
GitHub Profile: https://github.com/orian42
  
email: orian@gmail.com
